Get up in the yard. you.
Nan Guanglin, you are here.
I warned you, if he keeps showing off,
I will never accept any favors, but I am afraid of troubles far away from you.
I don’t believe in paying money at all,
Recommend what you know clearly.
This is the palace, why don't you play chess?
No, I'll try again and you won't be allowed to play chess.
No need, isn’t there a gap for you?
Just now when you pulled Wei Wei up,
The limit was forcibly broken. I'm afraid you have already continued upstream,
It was a loss to the upper reaches, a loss to the upper reaches, Zhou Yu could see it.
I'm planning on you, but when you were in middle school, you didn't think about it.
But it's so hidden, as long as you exert your strength,
Will definitely continue upstream, selling items in this section.
Yesterday you reminded me specifically
I was thinking about this
What's funny is
I'm just worried
Really use your hands